docs/jupyter_help.md, before:

# Getting Started with JupyterLab

---

## Dependencies

The project leverages:

1. [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
2. [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/)
3. The new [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) IDE [JupyterLabs](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

To get started install the dependencies with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```shell
# Install Python 3 and Pip
brew install python3

# Install JupyterLab
pip3 install jupyterlab

# Install the Python Libraries used by the Jupyter Notebooks.
pip3 install -r requirements.txt

# (Optional)Install Pandocs and Tex to enable exporting as PDF.
brew install pandoc
brew cask install mactex-no-gui
```

## Exporting to PDF

After installing Tex you've got to add the location of xelatex to your path.
To do that, place the following line in your .bash_profile script.

```shell
export PATH=/Library/TeX/texbin:$PATH
```

If you already have JupyterLab running, restart it to get the path change.

## Using JupyterLab

Once everything is installed you can launch JuypterLab with:

```shell
jupyter lab
```

## Exploring the Test Result Data

Running the JMeter tests results in generating the results.csv file. We can use JuypterLabs
to explore the test run results.

## Related Resources

- [List of Jupyter Kernals](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/Jupyter-kernels)
- [Python String Formatting Cookbook](https://mkaz.blog/code/python-string-format-cookbook/)
- [Working with Time in Python](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/03.11-working-with-time-series.html)

Commit message:

Added Voila as a notebook dependency.
Restructured the notebooks.

docs/jupyter_help.md, after:

# Getting Started with JupyterLab

---

## Dependencies

The project leverages:

1. [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
2. [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/)
3. The new [Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/) IDE [JupyterLabs](https://jupyterlab.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

To get started install the dependencies with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/).

```shell
# Install Python 3 and Pip
brew install python3

# Install JupyterLab
pip3 install jupyterlab

# Install the Python Libraries used by the Jupyter Notebooks.
pip3 install -r requirements.txt

# (Optional)Install Pandocs and Tex to enable exporting as PDF.
brew install pandoc
brew cask install mactex-no-gui
```

## Exporting to PDF

After installing Tex you've got to add the location of xelatex to your path.
To do that, place the following line in your .bash_profile script.

```shell
export PATH=/Library/TeX/texbin:$PATH
```

If you already have JupyterLab running, restart it to get the path change.

## Using JupyterLab

Once everything is installed you can launch JuypterLab with:

```shell
jupyter lab
```

## Exploring the Test Result Data

Running the JMeter tests results in generating the results.csv file. We can use JuypterLabs
to explore the test run results.

## Hosting the Notebook as a Web Site
We can use [Voila](https://blog.jupyter.org/and-voil%C3%A0-f6a2c08a4a93) to render a notebook as a web site.
```shell
cd notebooks
voila SingleSampleSetAnalysis.ipynb --theme=dark
```

I've found that I can get better looking reports by rendering the notebook with Voila and then 
printing the site to PDF using the browser's print capabilities.

## Related Resources

- [List of Jupyter Kernals](https://github.com/jupyter/jupyter/wiki/Jupyter-kernels)
- [Python String Formatting Cookbook](https://mkaz.blog/code/python-string-format-cookbook/)
- [Working with Time in Python](https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/03.11-working-with-time-series.html)
